winner to 2002 Golden Globe Awards and
nominated for 10 Academy Awards
including Best Picture
on my challenge we have met at this
chosen ground to settle for good mole
who holds sway over the five points us
natives or the foreign horde
with this knife that struck him down
let me put to rest my father's ghost
who are you get a priest son aren't you
his name's Amsterdam Amsterdam I'm New
York
another thing you see belongs to me the
Meuse boys and quick thieves blind
tigers here in paradise everybody owes
everybody pays what do you think you're
doing I'm dead so why aren't you dancing
with him and I love this Emily there's
more of us coming off these ships every
day 15,000 Irish a week to get all of us
together we ain't got a gang we got an
army challenger fan who's accepted I
think the father I'll I'll take the son
I give my word this will all be finished
tomorrow
won't